Hello, one and all. Welcome to NerdMelt Theatre at Meltdown Commons in Hollywood, California.
Harmontown is now in session. Won't you please join me in welcoming to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you. So much to do because we took a week off last week and thank you all for coming. I know you had so many comic books to go through because you were all at Comic-Con.
That's why we all go there now for the comic books, right? It's not Sundance or anything. It's a comic book convention.
I mean, we could talk about Comic-Con, we could talk about my upper-end desk copy, which I survived and had a budistic existential experience during, because I got it rough.
Boy, what a surgical procedure I went through. But we could talk about all that, but the truth is it's 8.10 and our first guest has to 10-bar downtown at 8.30. He's got to leave.
I want you to welcome one of our wonderful feral audio podcast brothers, a pioneer of the podcasting medium, in fact. I think he was doing it before everyone had a podcast.
Jeff, you're a Studs Turkle fan, aren't you?
Totally.
I really thought you would be. You're like an artist.
I know very little about Studs.
I'm a fan of his name more than anything.
Well, this guy in some respects is kind of the anti-Dan Harmon because he has very meaningful conversations in good interviews with very interesting people.
And all I do is do bad interviews with people from feral audio. Please welcome Matt Dwyer.
If you want to drink, I could have someone make you one.
Oh, no. I don't want to work yet. So just if somebody else could bartend for me right now.
Your podcast is called Conversations with Matt Dwyer.
Yeah, very narcissistic of me.
I'm proud to be a label mate of yours because I listened to a little bit of it today.
You're one of those guys that I kind of, I guess I wish I was like, but I know I never could be.
I don't even want to be like Matt.
You're a listener and not a talker.
I mean, you're somebody that actually is, as our friend Seek Donnelly who came out here, who's an aneurysm survivor and therefore a shamanic representative.
I said, what do we have to do, those of us in the land of certainty?
And he said, give more than you take.
And I think guys like you give a little more than you take because you book really provocative guests and have really interesting conversations.
And all I do is stand up here and go, I had an endoscopy.
Yeah, well, when I started the show, I was hoping I would be really funny while talking to interesting people.
But when you're talking to like a Black Panther or Wayne Kramer talking about his prison stint, it's really hard to make jokes.
So you don't have to because that Black Panther dude, for instance, I was riveted.
I had to do, I'm trying to write the first episode of Community right now, but I got you cranked up like I'm Terry Gross doing my research.
I didn't want to embarrass myself. You're an adult coming in.
I didn't want to be like, so what's your podcast about?
I wanted to know.
Stan, what is his podcast about?
It's about this Black Panther guy.
362 episodes with one Black Panther guy.
We go each crime to each food because they did a lot of soup kitchen stuff.
We talk about each soup extensively.
What was that guy's name? Pat O'Neill?
Pito Neill.
Yeah, he was a little less Irish than...
Really weird, though. He does have a broke.
Black Panther from Kansas City with a broke.
Why?
Why can't we get over this class system that's oppressing the African-American?
We've got to fight the power to be...
Power to the people, motherfuckers.
Someone's trying to take me horseshoe-shaped civil rights.
Very funny. Three white guys doing this.
But one thing that he said that...
He said something so, well, I don't know if it was profound or if it was just sort of like narcissistic.
I'm like, that's what I'm always saying in a Black Panther saying it.
Because he said...
By the way, just a quick backstory.
This guy was basically trumped up charges sometime in the 60s and has been in Tanzania ever since.
Yeah, but before he became a Black Panther, he was like a street hood.
He was a pimp, I believe, which he doesn't even like to talk about.
And then the Black Panthers changed his life.
His charges were trumped up, but he does admit that he did smuggle some guns in his time.
So he had done some pretty crazy things.
And he talks about how the Black Panthers...
The thing that he said that really perked my ears up was when he was talking about how...
The first thing they tried to do to neutralize the Black Panthers propaganda-wise was to call them a racist organization.
And he said, racist organization, all we were preaching from the beginning was about class systems.
And I was like, yes, this is exactly what I'm talking about.
Race is an artificial construct.
I'm always saying...
You don't have to read a fucking book to figure this out.
You do not have to...
I mean, it's great if smart people do smart work to try to figure this out, but it's right under everyone's nose.
Children do not...
Children don't understand what race is.
You get taught this stuff.
This is about poor people and rich people.
Race is a Black organization.
Your primary thrust is going to be on what the Black community can do.
As you would expect poor white people to have a primary thrust maybe on what poor white people could do.
I'm putting words in his mouth at this point.
And then he said, we should all eat more bacon?
Now I'm just trying to get back on Akins.
Black Panthers said it.
But it's always about class.
It's always been about class.
It was so interesting that he could have the calm state of mind having been basically exiled to Tanzania,
where he's running an orphanage, that he was so cool and objective about the global state of affairs.
Yeah, but he didn't...
We've talked besides the podcast too, and he said it took him a long time to get there.
Because I guess there was times in Tanzania where he'd like chase some dudes down the street with a knife and stuff.
He used to be a little temperamental, but now he's like 77.
He's getting a little tuckered out.
Yeah, but he's still like this big, strong motherfucker.
You wouldn't want to screw with him even at 77.
He's a badass.
You also, on that list of your legitimate interviewings, before we get to the thing that I think I really want to plug,
because it drops I think Monday.
Are we dropping it Monday?
Can you give it?
But that Monsanto guy, that was another big one.
A lot of Monsanto fans here tonight.
I didn't know if that was going to be somebody booing Monsanto.
No, they love bioengineered fruit.
This is Los Angeles, nothing grows here unless it's part giraffe.
It's more comic books sounding to have bioengineered fruit.
Yeah, these guys are nerds. They love sci-fi.
Of course they want their oranges to glow in the dark.
But you had this guy, he wasn't specifically a Monsanto employee.
He worked for the main research company that worked for Monsanto.
It sounds kind of bullshitty when you're like, he couldn't say his name because it sounds like you're just being weird,
but he couldn't because they'd come after him and if you've ever seen any documentaries,
Monsanto likes to fuck people in the ass.
And he couldn't, you know, he would get sued to high fucking heaven.
But the greatest thing about that interview is there's a really poignant moment he and I were having
and he couldn't see this, but behind him, his dog was taking a shit.
And it was like one of the, and the dog was just chasing its own stringy shit behind him.
And I was like, why don't I videotape this show?
Why don't you blow the whistle on that?
Talking about Agent Orange and the glow in the dark pineapples.
What do you do when you, like, were you invested at all in that topic,
that area of politics before you found out you were going to get to sit down with a Monsanto whistleblower?
I mean, I'm pretty fucking way to the left.
Like, I might make Chomsky look conservative.
But yeah, I'm always interested in political things.
I mean, when I started doing the show, I was hoping to just talk to anybody because I feel like most people have
interesting stories, but then I'm a weirdo, so I started going after, like, you know, Black Panthers and political radicals.
But how do you go after them?
Well, the Black Panther explained how you go after them in the 60s.
It's amazing who you can find on Facebook.
I found Pete on Facebook, and yeah, I just, and then you start, once you start talking to a bunch of weirdos,
these weirdos go, hey, I got some more weirdos you can talk to.
And a guy I've interviewed twice, Shane Bugby, and I grew up together.
And Shane in high school was, like, publishing G.G. Allen, John Wayne Gacy.
It was like, fresh out of high school, he was Gacy's art dealer.
Like an art dealer, like a guy who dealt art to John Wayne Gacy.
By the way, nobody booed. Monsanto got a boo.
What has Monsanto done for any birthday party?
True.
But Shane has worked with this.
Does someone say Joe Rogan's joke? Or is that some weird mental projection?
I think so.
I thought I heard the words, Joe Rogan's joke?
Jim Gavigan's joke? That's all.
I'm not a stand-up.
I'm sorry if my John Wayne Gacy joke was on someone else's set list.
Anyways, please continue.
Oh, just Shane is, and you should listen to his episodes and Google Shane Bugby,
because he's a guy who's done incredibly crazy things.
And, like, G.G. Allen, he stole Ed Gein's tombstone and toured it around the country.
And then he started his own soda pop company.
He's just some guy who does weird things like that.
But he's hooked me up with a lot of these people, like Paul Krasner.
He hooked me up with Paul Krasner, if you don't know who Paul Krasner is.
Oh, Paul Krasner.
Paul Krasner created The Realist, which was like this really heavy-duty satirical magazine in the 60s.
And the greatest thing about Paul Krasner is he tripped on acid with Groucho Marx.
And he tells the story on my show.
So he really saw Time Fly Like an Arrow and Fruit Fly Like a Banana.
That actually happened.
And Shane's the one who hooked me up with Lucy and Graves.
Lucy and Graves. That's the next thing to talk to you about.
Okay, so you can take over any time you want.
I just want to see if I can get this right.
Is it Woodsboro? Is that the name of this?
The Westboro Baptist Church.
Those are the God Hates Fags people.
God Hates Fags.
Joe Rogan Strip.
Westboro Baptist.
They are more easily known as the God Hates Fags people. They hold a sign that says God Hates Fags
anywhere where they think anyone will be watching.
Like, for instance, as they threatened, they were going to do it at the funeral for the Boston Marathon victims.
They implied, I guess, it was implied that they were going to, yep, we're going to do it there too.
We do it everywhere where the heat is.
Because when a message is that important, you've got to get your billboard up at the corner of Fountain in Wilshire.
So the head of their church, Phelps.
Fred Phelps.
He has a dead grandmother.
I think it was his mother.
So this organization called the Satanic Temple.
Yeah.
They did what they called a pink mass on the grave of his grandmother.
Getting her gay in the afterlife.
They did a Satanic gay ritual.
So Fred Phelps' mom is getting hit with a strap-on as we speak.
And it really blows your mind. I went down a rabbit hole today.
I was like, okay, who are these Satanist guys?
And I mean, I went to their site.
I mean, their name is the setup and the punchline is the fact that they're good people.
I mean, as far as their tenets go, they have nine tenets on their front page of their site.
Follow your compassion. Be good to other humans.
Never push your beliefs on anyone else.
Let people do whatever they want.
Always keep an open mind.
Nothing to do with Satan or eating a chicken heart or anything.
Yeah, they don't do anything. That's the weird misconception.
And we talk about the misconceptions of Satanism.
And we also talk about how this pink mass, which the media treated as something that's been going on for hundreds of years.
I should be clear because I'm a bad interviewer.
This drops on Monday on your podcast, Conversations with Matt Dwyer.
You got to have a conversation with Lucian Greaves, the head of the Satanic temple.
And I rarely get to brag about anything in my life, but he turned down a bunch of people, including Maren, to do my show.
So that's...
Take that, Marc Maron, and all your money.
Marc Maron, can you book us on your show?
And there is going to be, because there is something, and I wish I could say what it is, but I can't.
There's going to be a big twist in this whole Lucian Greaves thing, which Shane Bubby, who I talked about, is going to bust on...
Bust? Is going to break in Vice Magazine, and then I'm going to do a follow-up interview with Lucian as well.
Wow, it's like NBC's StarCross Thursdays back in the old days.
Matt Damon is going to be in Central Perk, but then also Daphne is going to be on MASH, I don't know.
I haven't watched TV in a long time.
It's good that New Media is getting there, too.
So how did that interview go? What's he like? What's his fellow like?
He's like the nicest guy in the world, and he's super smart.
It's not surprising. On its face, it seems like a very juvenile, like, fuck you thing to do, to do anything on someone's grave.
But then you peel back the layers, and you peel back the layers, and you're going like...
I actually cut and pasted a comment from an argument about it on Facebook that I thought justified the existence of comment sections,
because it's like somebody said about this, because he did this pink mass on the grave of a dead woman,
making this guy's loved one gay in the afterlife.
But these are the people who, I mean, their whole belief system is about freedom of religion.
Not to put too fine a point on it, they hide behind the concept of freedom of religion in order to do something that is not really religious,
and it's certainly unconstitutional, which is to imply that other people don't have the freedom to do whatever the fuck they want.
And so this is sort of like, turnabout is fair play, and it's kind of funny to have two chicks make out on this lady's grave,
and I'll say, I'd like to go where the sense of humor seems to be, but somebody said, in a comment section,
of course, someone said, two wrongs don't make a right, okay, that's the response to what he did.
And then this fella, Corey Hammond, I'll name him, I don't care.
He said, and overused cliche statements don't make you intelligent.
The Westboro Baptist Church has always been lawful.
Half of his kids are First Amendment lawyers, and go to court daily to fight their actions, and they always win.
The best way to beat them is at their own game, and this is it.
If you aren't explicit enough to do it, the WBC is, so be explicit enough.
In other words, I don't know, then you go, okay, so we're just getting in a knife fight with people who love knives, and where's that going to go?
But it's certainly, you know, it makes you go like, yeah, these guys are calling themselves Satanists and making themselves heroes,
and it's kind of a wonderful, ticklish thing.
And he's got prosecutors coming after him, and there was a great quote at the end of an article about him recently where he said,
if I go to prison, I'm going to use my powers of Satan to turn it into one big gay orgy.
Talk about light work. I mean, that is not a tough road to hoe.
You're halfway home already.
So, I don't know, how does a guy like me be a guy like you? Do you read more than me? Are you just more interested in other people than yourself?
Do you drink more, drink less?
Oh, no, I drink often during my interviews. Maybe that's not the key, but I just realized early on,
because I probably, in some of my first interviews, I'm trying to be like Johnny Gleb, like, whack-a-woo! And then I was just like, this isn't about you.
Like, I just quickly realized, it's like, these people are, I'm talking to people who are far more intelligent than I'll ever be,
and far more fucking interesting, so shut the fuck up and learn something.
I can't break that barrier! How do you get there?
Well, you're smarter than me, so maybe that's different.
Yeah, that's not true.
But it's like, I interviewed this guy, Dan Kovallak, who sued Coca-Cola for paramil-
My name's Dan!
That's all I thought! Well, you said that.
Please continue.
Oh, no, he's a lawyer who sued Coca-Cola for death squads in-
Doug Stan, Hope's Joke! Coca-Cola was killing union organizers in Columbia, and he found a loophole in our government, or our laws, to sue Coke.
And it's like, there's a documentary about it, actually, and we don't talk about it much, but like, I'm like, what am I going to fucking joke around,
or I'll talk this guy about it?
It's like, this guy's a super-
But how do you ask, what do you ask? I mean, how do you, you have to engage them and get them to the places where you want them to say stuff,
so you have to know all kinds of stuff, and then, I'm such a bad interviewer, it's the running joke.
Yeah, I mean, I guess maybe part of it is I came from an improv background, because I don't have a lot of notes,
when I have maybe five things written down, and I'll just, if something, usually somebody will say something that piques my interest,
and I'll wait for them to finish, and hopefully I can just be like, how about that?
Do you take notes while they're talking?
Mental notes.
Like, I interviewed this guy just a couple of days ago, who's an amazing artist, Rod Lough, or Rodrigo Lough,
but look up his work, but he said something about how sometimes he'll create something, and he'll find it embarrassing,
and then he talked for a bit, and then I was like, alright, why would somebody be embarrassed about, like, this brilliant artist,
who's actually here, by the way.
Why would this guy, who's incredibly brilliant, be embarrassed by something he creates,
and so I wanted to, and comes down to, we're all just fucking insecure and weird.
Yeah, we're all ashamed of ourselves, deep down, and I'm sorry, I've been through several PR experiences lately,
where I've suddenly realized, okay, we're all ashamed of ourselves, and from now on, instead of trying to get everyone to like me,
because I'm ashamed of myself, I'm only going to care about the people who don't make their shame other people's problems.
Like, I think that I'm just going to bother to say that there's shitty people in the world.
I'm not going to keep preaching this thing, where I'm like, I love everybody, fuck half of the people.
Specifically the half of the people that make their very human shame someone else's problem,
someone that says like, I'm ashamed of myself, so shut up over there, stop talking, don't say that, everybody be quiet, everybody be careful,
because I have to be, because I have some weird fucking thing about me, or I don't know how to talk,
like fuck those people. I'm sure they're not evil, but you got to have an enemy, I guess, according to them.
Yeah.
I mean, it's...
John DeLewis' joke!
It's interesting, because I can safely say I've spoken with some people who are legitimately creative geniuses,
and they all have...
Thank you.
I was just about comma Dan Harmon.
But yeah, none of them really fully go, yeah, I got this.
Yeah, I mean, well, yeah, you can't...
You can't, I think.
Not unhelp people, not be effective at all.
Yeah.
Like you have to be fucking terrified in order to be someone effective, I would think.
Otherwise, what do you...
Yeah, you'd be some weirdo.
You have to have a little...
I don't know if this is the Irish working class bullshit in me, but I think you can't really be good at anything unless you kind of hate yourself just a little.
Yeah.
I mean, that's what I love about myself, is how much I hate myself.
I hate how much I love you.
All right, you're a better interviewer than me. Ask me something provocative, and...
See what dad did just there?
He created a construct where he would have someone ask things about him.
I'm looking for a closer. I'm not going to generate it, because I'm not him.
Yeah, but you could have had him interview somebody in the audience.
Oh, okay, good idea, Jeff.
Very smart. Jeff Sober tonight, he's on a cleanse.
I've been sober for like the last ten shows.
I ate four steaks today.
Hey, N.T., will you have a conversation with Matt Dwyer?
This is N.T.
Oh, shit balls.
I only had a little bit of vodka, and I'm falling off the goddamn chair.
N.T. is irregular here, but okay, just dive in.
I don't, without knowing anything about what you do, what do you do?
Right fucking getting deep.
I mean, are you a creative sort or what?
Well, yeah, I want to do writing and stuff, but I recently was let go of a job that I had.
What was the job?
Black Panther.
He was an Irish Black Panther.
Trumped up charges.
I worked like in social media, and I did like movie marketing stuff.
That's just called tweeting that you liked Iron Man 3.
That's not, that never paid anything.
So are you taking that as like, alright, I can fuck this, I'm just going to dedicate my life to writing?
Oh, no, I wanted to do writing before that.
No, I know, but taking the job is like losing your job is maybe like a sign of...
Yeah, like maybe it was time that it needed to happen.
Because I kind of wasn't happy there, so I was like, okay.
See, Dan, you guys, I'm going to hit pause instead of you.
You're not watching because you're making yourself another cocktail over there.
But I've just noticed a trick, a little trick that you can employ when you interview people.
He's looking right at him.
It's very uncomfortable for people with my condition.
Okay, sorry, play.
What kind of writing are you going to do?
Screenwriting.
She just said sitcom writing.
Well, I actually...
He's doing the long con.
It's going to take a couple years.
And he's better than Anatoly who came up a couple weeks ago and was like, hire me as a director, I'm from Russia.
Oh, okay, Anatoly's here.
Hello Anatoly, good to see you.
And Anatoly was at Comic-Con.
Anyways, sorry, derailed your interview.
No, I thought you just said thank you, it was nice seeing you.
I thought you ended it.
Oh, because you have to go?
No, because it was a big laugh.
I know, I know.
Alright, Matt Dwyer.
He's got to go to work.
Let him go to work.
Thank you, sir.
Matt Dwyer, good to see you, Matt.
Hello, hello.
Thank you, Enti.
So that episode that we were talking about, he interviews, he sits down with Lucy in Greaves,
the Satanic Temple, I'm probably butchering this, about this pink mass thing that took
place on this grave.
It's bound to be a pretty interesting interview.
But I've not listened to his podcast, I've known Matt for a few years, not very well,
but doing Acid with Groucho and gay post-mortem grannies, this is good stuff.
Yeah, I like it.
Yeah, he's a better person than me, why don't you marry him?
Alright.
So, we should, oh, well, Feral Audio, Jeff, you know the Matt Dwyer's part of the Feral
Audio network.
I say, what?
Yeah.
Did you know that there's a lot of interesting content on the Feral Audio network?
Well, I have no idea.
Did you know, for instance, that Erin McGathy's This Feels Terrible has three live episodes
available on the new Feral Audio store?
Shut your mouth.
And if there was an edit point where we were going to play 30 seconds of one of those.
It would go a little something, like this.
Let's bring out our guest, you know her from NBC's Community and a million other things
and being so cool and smart and adorable, Gillian Jacobs.
Just read your notes again.
Stop looking at them.
It says, Gillian, it says, you know her as Britta from NBC's Community, and then it says dot,
dot, dot, Gillian Jacobs exclamation point, like, who are you talking to?
Do you think you might not be able to make the show?
Adam, go out and just be me.
And make sure, I put an exclamation on it.
And we're back.
All right.
So moving on, let's see.
What do we got to talk about?
Let's talk about people shoving tubes down you and you dressing up like a little lady
in a movement.
Yeah.
If you follow me on Instagram, you saw that I was wearing a little gown.
I went and got an upper endoscopy.
I'm 40 years old.
I've had heartburn for about three years.
I've been taking, once I started taking Prilosec every day, everything's fine.
But then I was watching a commercial for Prilosec with Larry the Cable Guy.
And I didn't know where to put my eyes.
So they went to the bottom of the screen where I saw the warnings at the bottom.
And it said, like, if you're taking this for more than, I don't know, six weeks or something like that.
It might be a redneck.
That's Fox wrote it.
See a doctor.
So I did.
And the doctor did what a good doctor does.
He sent me to a friend of his from medical school and charged me a referral fee.
And I went to that guy and he did what a good referral doctor does, which is go down a clipboard
of questions that lead to him recommending a procedure that he makes money off of.
And I signed off on it.
And I went to this little clinic and they, I never, this is my first medical procedure ever.
Unless you count like stitches like for my brother beating my ass.
You were under general anesthesia.
Were you not?
Yeah.
Like they put an IV in me.
It was my first IV.
I feel like I can still feel a little whole.
It's very traumatic.
I don't think we've, I don't think I've ever met anyone that went through what I've been through.
But I was like, I was like laying there in the bed and then, yeah, and then they just
like, they, they put some extra stuff in your IV and they go like, okay, you're going to
get a little sleepy.
And it's like,
And then it's four days later.
It's incredible.
I had my, I mean, just to interject for a second.
I only time I've ever gone under was for my wisdom teeth.
I like a year or two ago had all four taken out.
And apparently there was a struggle because when I woke up, the office was empty.
The doctor was gone.
The nurse was there and she looked fatigued.
And I'm not joking.
My belt was undone and I had defense wounds on my arms.
I had, I had scratches on my forearms consistent with fending off a knife fight.
Can't you even be unconscious normal?
Can't you?
Do you have to be special when you're knocked out too?
I think I got raped.
It's not special.
Me, me, me.
At least he took pictures of my balls.
Something happened.
Maybe X-ray number.
See if there's a,
I don't know, man.
But yeah, but I woke up and I think you're going to get a little sleigh.
And then I didn't even hear the P.
Then I woke up and there was a crime had been committed.
Yeah.
I honestly don't know, no offense to dentists.
If you're a dentist and you, and you work hard and you care about people and you're wonderful.
I'm not saying a statement about dentists, but I am saying that, that being a dentist,
I don't think is enough of a qualification to have that much power over another human being.
By default.
I don't think it's, that's not cool.
He was an oral surgeon, you know.
When they did that.
Well, aren't we all?
Touche.
I think it's pronounced tushy.
No.
I knew you weren't a surgeon.
Serious over a bunch of,
the, the, I'm just saying like, they put me under, they said,
you're going to start to feel drowsy.
I laid on my side and they're like, you're going to start to feel drowsy.
And I just like, it's just like when you fall asleep,
like you can never remember the moment you fell asleep.
You remember being sleepy.
You remember waking up, but, but I mean so much more profound because,
because while I was sleeping, they did like,
ridiculous things to my body.
I mean, most notably shoving a camera down my esophagus for 25 minutes.
And I have no recollection of it.
They could have done butt stuff.
They could have done anything.
And I just woke up.
I came, I came to, you can see it on my Twitter feed.
I wasn't, I wasn't doing anything.
I, the lady who was putting me under,
I think like a friend of hers wrote on season four of community or something.
So, like, so she, like, we were having a conversation about it before she was putting me under.
She's like, oh, my friend wrote on that show.
So-and-so.
And I said, who?
And she's like, so-and-so.
He was a writer in community.
I was like, season four, perhaps.
And she's like, yeah.
And I'm like, yeah, I didn't work on that season.
She's like, oh, you're not working on the show anymore.
I said, I worked on seasons one through three.
Now we're coming back for season five.
And an anesthesiologist went, that's weird.
A woman who, that's how weird it is.
A lady with no, no horse on that race is like, that's weird.
I'm like, yeah, no shit.
Yeah.
I'm going to give you drugs and we're going to shove a hose down your mouth.
But I will say this, from what I know about television,
that's very odd, that situation that you're in.
So I-but I woke up on a gurney and it was moving.
And there were like these ladies looking down at me like I was a baby in a crib.
They're like, it must be adorable for them when people wake up
and they're like smiling at me.
And I went like, give me my phone.
I'm a writer.
And the anesthesiologist went, give him his phone.
He's a writer.
And they gave me my phone and I tried as hard as I could to tweet while I was coming too.
And you could see the tweets.
They're like absolute, like Cyrillic.
It's not your best work.
Like only Anatoly would be able to read them.
Yeah, it was not my finest work.
And it wasn't like I was trying to say something profound.
All I was trying to do was go, I'm trying to tweet.
It wasn't really worth it.
Why did you include, I'm a writer.
How did you think that would expedite you getting the, like this goes above all of our heads?
I'm not, my conscious mind is not accountable to the things my unconscious mind says
as soon as I come out of unconsciousness.
I apparently, I defined myself by what I do and felt like it entitled me to a phone.
I had a friend because you have to get driven home from the hospital when you go under.
So my friend drove me home from getting my teeth pulled.
And I was still on the medication they had,
but they said like in a couple hours a little wear off, go to your pharmacist
and here's the prescription for the stuff.
So I said, oh, my, that was really stoned.
And I said, we have to go to my place because my insurance like pharmacy cards are upstairs.
So I went and got all my insurance cards upstairs and I go, oh, she take this trash out too.
So I took the trash out and we get to the pharmacist.
There's people waiting and I'm like, oh man, it's starting to wear off.
It really hurts.
And I get to finally get up to the front and I don't have my cards with me.
And we had to go back and look for the cards.
I thrown them out.
I put them in the trash.
I was like, I shouldn't have been allowed that much responsibility.
I shouldn't have been allowed to be in a, even though you need a ride,
it should be illegal to get a ride home with your girlfriend after that.
I was a prick to Erin because I, but I was like, it was like all dressed up.
Like I was, I was the protagonist of the dead zone or something.
You know, I was just being, I was just being mean to her because I had been unconsciousness and back.
I was, I was like, Erin, I don't know.
I wanted to go get a drink.
And, and Erin, the villain in this story had overheard the professional doctors tell me not to drink
because I had anesthetic goodness in my bloodstream.
And so Erin, the villain in this story said, no, I'm not going to take you to the drawing room.
And I was like, Erin, I have been to oblivion and back.
You know, I shouldn't, all I know is I was, for 25 minutes of today, I did not exist.
And I came back into existence and, and, and it shouldn't be, I shouldn't be regretting it.
I, I love my return to consciousness, consciousness so much, I want to go straight to a bar.
I really was like on this trip where I was like, man, I touched, I touched nothingness and I preferred it.
Oh, so you, oh, so you were willfully trying to go get back in there?
Kind of like, like, like, I just wanted to be somewhere dark and cold and have an Amstel.
Like, I really wanted to just be alone more than anything because I really felt like, like, I had, I had never made it to 40
without ever being knocked out voluntarily, by, or by another's hand, I should say.
And, and I felt, I was, I was like, wow, I was, I was gone for 20 minutes.
And then, and then I was back and, and, but it was, and it was great to be back, but it wasn't bad to be gone either.
There wasn't, it wasn't that big a deal.
Yeah, man, I'm right with you, man.
I'm on the same wavelength, bro.
And I kind of felt like that was an important, healthy exercise.
Like, maybe at like a 16 year old's birthdays, they should, they should just have a guy like knock you out.
Just so you can be dead for a second, and, well, that's an unfortunate linkage to the John Wayne Gacy thing from earlier.
Your reactions are weird and your weird people, and it doesn't matter.
The reaction was, they were waiting for what the next statement was going to be.
No, I was saying, like, it should be a rite of passage, but 40 years old is too late to learn that it's okay to not exist.
People knock themselves out all kinds of ways, and then they choke each other.
Yeah, but if I, if I, if I drank a fifth of bourbon and passed out and you shoved a camera down my gut, I'd wake up and go,
stop, stop it, bro.
This is, this is knocked out, out.
Like you, you lose, you know, and I think that the reality of that is a little bit important.
It's not as profound as taking ayahuasca or anything.
It's just like, but it's, it's, 40 is too late to, to learn that.
So you're out for 20 minutes.
Do you recall any, any, any, you know, visits?
No, that's the point.
It's, it's, if that's what, that's our biggest fear with death, right?
Unless you're, unless you really think that, I mean, my biggest fear with death is that your last thought will play out, you know,
like you'll be like, oh shit, did I leave the iron on and then for perceived infinity because your brain is like,
also in charge of how you perceive time, like you'll forever like be wondering about your iron.
But that might be also, was I addicted to my friends or I owe Toby 50 bucks?
Like, they're just like, forever.
Like, but, but I think by and large, our biggest fear is nothingness, oblivion.
My biggest fear is why was my belt off when I came to it?
All right.
I mean, I have no point.
I'm just saying.
I'm just saying, I'm as special as I was before this experience, Jeff.
I am, I am now like, Galvatron to my former Megatron.
I have bathed in the lava of thank you.
Thank you guys in the back.
Are you okay?
Are you, do you get a clean bill of health here?
What's going on?
Well, he didn't, I mean, he said he found a polyp.
They made it sound like that's like a thing that you find like, like a seashell on a beach.
Like he was just like, I just grabbed it.
Like, it wasn't.
You have a coral reef growing inside.
Like everybody has a couple, has a polyp here and there.
He's like, I found a polyp.
Like, like, like he found a penny.
But he said, you know, there's inflammation.
You're 40.
You got heartburn.
I didn't see anything weird.
I didn't, I didn't see Godzilla down there.
I didn't see, didn't see any, but, but they'll give a full report to my doctor.
And you said, you said you're going to stop drinking tomorrow.
You're going on a little juice cleanse.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I've not.
Don't, don't applaud.
Don't applaud stopping drinking.
I've got, I'm going on a, I'm going on a cleanse because I've gone way off my diet.
And I think the best way to get back on that diet is to thank you, sir.
We got to stop going to them for anything.
All right.
Our next guest is Anna Toley.
Get up here, Anna Toley.
Let's get that guy back up here.
I didn't know that I would be a guest, so I, I, I, I want to get my 10 bucks for the
ticket back.
The to-
Oh!
He wants his 10 bucks back because he's a guest.
Now I'm a guest at the show.
Hey, this is, we, we want-
That's a dangerous precedent to set, man.
No, no.
If you come up, if you come up on the show, you can have $10.
Here, you know what?
Keep the change.
Perestroika, baby.
$20.
A $20 bill.
How many rubles is that?
Well, because he was a guest last time, too.
It's like 600.
600 rubles?
Yeah.
Damn.
So Anna Toley, I got some follow-up questions having listened to the podcast that you were
on.
You, you, you came up, you said you, you came to UCLA to be a director.
Yep.
We said, do you have any favorite directors?
No.
You don't.
I had favorite directors.
It's Wes Anderson.
Oh, Wes Anderson.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
That's like, that's a good guy.
And no one clapping.
No.
Wes Anderson.
Wes Anderson, guys.
Dan just, Dan just shut them off.
Dan just told them to stop.
Well, yeah, I don't, I mean, we're not on good terms, me and the audience.
I think, I think they should just follow their hearts.
You guys, you guys clap or boo whenever you feel like it.
Fuck you!
Show's over!
So then we, we did a scene from Mad Men and you directed us.
Which I thought was, I thought was pretty good.
Our, our scene work?
I thought our, our scene work was pretty, pretty tight.
Absolutely.
Pretty tight.
But, but your direction was that I should dress differently and that the script should
be better.
And then you asked for a job.
Yeah.
Right.
He certainly has the beard to be a director.
Yeah.
And then you came to, you came to Comic-Con.
You were in the Rick and Morty panel at Comic-Con.
Yeah, yeah.
And I, and you, what were you saying at the microphone?
At the begin.
Yeah.
When you got to the microphone, what were, what were you saying at the Rick and Morty
panel?
I was, I was saying that I had an Archer t-shirt.
You had an Archer t-shirt on.
Yeah.
And you were pointing at it.
And there was something.
Everyone, everyone thought that you were saying, God damn it.
What does Archer t-shirt sound like?
Like Machu Picchu.
Yeah.
Oh, everyone was saying, is he saying Machu Picchu?
He's pointing at his Archer t-shirt.
It's not, it's not really a story as much as there's a slice of life.
Yeah.
It's appropriate that you like Wes Anderson because you're kind of a Wes Anderson character
at this point.
Thank you.
You're, you're, you're, you're this.
So, so you go into UCLA, you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna make a, a, but you want
to direct TV, not movies, right?
I want to direct both.
Okay, both.
Fine.
All right.
What can, what can, how can we turn Anatoli into a, into a, into a thing that makes people
clap?
Um.
Thank you, Anatoli.
All right.
Hey, he's fucking, he's 20 bucks in the black right now, man.
Yeah, that's true.
Anatoli, what are you gonna do with all that money?
He will eat.
I like the name Anatoli.
I wish, I'm gonna name my son Anatoli.
You know, I, I, I used to be like in high school, I didn't like reading all that much
because I hated being told what to do.
But then I got crammed in punishment by Dostoevsky, by this young teacher when I was a senior.
And that was the first book I really fell in love with.
And I, like, I became obsessed with Dostoevsky and then Tolstoy and Chekhov.
And I became his big Russofile.
And when I went to USC, I studied, like, I took all these classes in Russian literature.
I went back and read some of the stuff I wrote.
I was smart back then.
I don't know shit anymore.
So hearing the name like Anatoli makes me think of it's war and peace.
It's Anatolian war and peace, isn't it?
You?
Yeah?
It's a huge book.
It's got to be like four.
Yeah.
All right.
It just makes me miss the days when I was smart.
You're still smart.
Yeah.
I'm just saying I'm dumb.
I'm saying, like, when you're in college, your brain is just like, you're, you're so active.
No, it is true.
If you're, if you're under 30, like, you know, you don't know, man, use it for something.
I mean, just use it to have fun or make stuff.
But you don't have to use it to, like, pick at anything.
But yeah, you had to work.
I worked so fucking hard in college.
I never want to work that hard again.
I think that's what it was.
Like, I worked and I got my A's and I just got out of there.
Like, I don't ever want that brain lock.
So you're a writer.
You go through, you force yourself into that procrastination fear that, that brain freeze
of, I'm out of ideas.
You hit those walls, things like that.
Like, I couldn't put myself through that.
Yeah.
I'm multitasking.
Well, then I'll ask you a question while you, while you thumb through your phone, your giant,
your giant phone.
All right.
Ask me a question.
How big is your phone?
How's, how's the writing coming on, on season five?
You know, it's, well, I mean, it's, on Friday, they're applauding.
They didn't even know the answer yet.
Anticipation.
They, the, the, the new writers are coming along very nicely.
The, the, we, on Friday, like the kind of, like a bunch of, a bunch of popcorn kernels
popped at the same time.
We kind of closed out Friday, like realizing that we had a handle on several great episodes
all at once.
And we rode down on a party bus to Comic-Con together.
I got to meet plenty of them.
Not all of them probably, but a lot of them.
I, we're doing, as I've announced, because you have to know this before, well in advance,
we're doing an animated episode this year.
The, and I will say, the animated episode we're doing this year, even for this ridiculous
show that we've been doing in all of its unmarketability, this, our approach to doing the animated
episode this season is, is something that could definitely only be done in season five
of Community.
Like you, meaning that it's like, like even in season three of Community, people would
be like, okay, come on, knock it off.
But now they can't.
And so it's, but, and I don't mean that it's just weird for weird sake.
Quite the opposite.
I mean, it's like, it's like very profound, like, in a way that makes it not, you know,
it's like, this is a sitcom.
But it will also be incredibly funny.
It's going to be a fucking masterpiece if I do say so myself.
Everything sounds horrible when it's followed by applause like that.
Did you write this a profound episode after you got knocked out and saw the other side?
No, I didn't, but I have all new angles on it now that I did.
But no, I mean, it's the thing that I'm most proud of is that I was, you know, I, I, I,
this was after we kind of like started breaking up the rooms and stuff with these writers.
Like it's the thing that makes me so much happier than me staring at a whiteboard and
coming up with something is, is when I leave a room for two hours and come back and people
have landed on something, we just get, we just get some, some brilliant minds in there
that are really, really, really respectful of the, of the medium and have come up with
some incredible shit.
Dino's going to, his name will be on the cover sheet.
Dino's going to write the animated episode.
But I mean, we'll all be writing it together.
That's awesome.
But it's, it's going to be a goodie.
I feel comfortable.
Can you see how many episodes in that will appear?
Actually, no, because we're going to make it stand alone.
It's product, it'll be production code 513 for you.
Community production code heads.
I think you're called.
Freak out when you see the numbers are swapped and stuff.
Any numbers you saw, you see swapped or it's for a reason.
It's, it's because the directors needed certain schedule and stuff like that.
We're giving the animated episode the last production code so that we can put it in.
It's going to stand alone kind of.
So anyways, that's enough of that business.
What else was there?
Went to Comic Con, had a weird stomach ache in front of that panel.
An amazing panel, 6,500 people.
I felt something I'd never felt before, which is like this weird like,
like normally being in front of 6,500 people would be the most relaxing thing in the world for me.
That's my inverted personality.
I only know I exist when I, when people are listening to me talk.
And, but I had this, I came up, I just had this swell of like,
just gastrointestinal like tension.
I felt like the upper half of my stomach had done 1,000 sit-ups.
And I came off stage and explained that to Dino and he said,
yeah, it's like, you got to watch what you say now.
Like, like that's that, you know, that's, that's what happens.
Oh, really? You think that was just like.
Yeah, because I was like, I was so looking forward, so forward to the Rick and Morty panel,
but now this community thing, it's, it's, it's, I'm sure it's all my fault.
I'm not complaining about any of it, but this is just the phenomenon that's happened.
Like, there's so much more wrong I can do than right by talking.
And it's just like, like 6,500 people.
And I'm just like, like, like, like, like, like, take one person
that you could make cry by saying the wrong combination of words,
whether that person is a Jeff Annie shipper, or a person who served proudly
in our nation's armed services, or a double amputee,
or a person that worked really hard on season four,
or a victim of non-consensual sex in the summer of 98,
or is that like someone that works for TV Guide,
who really, really, really wants me to be an asshole.
Like, like, there's so many, I go 6,500 people, 6,500 chances to fuck up
to say the wrong thing. And I think I just, my brain went,
okay, well, you can't deal with that.
So I just pushed it all down into my, into my little Tim Tums.
Tim Tums!
That's where the cake in the vodka goes.
That's not for dealing.
But you don't feel that restriction in here,
but this podcast goes out to a lot more than 6,500 people.
Well, I mean, but, well, walking off that stage, I was like, fuck this.
Like, I refuse to live my life feeling that way.
Fuck you, fuck you in the teeth forever.
Right in the teeth.
If you would ever have anyone feel that way, go fuck you a million times
in the big, fat face.
Just fuck you for wanting people to feel bad.
I just, I've never done anything to hurt anybody.
I've never said anything that I wanted to, you know, make people feel pain.
I just can't do it. I'd rather kill myself.
I'll never feel that way again. It's a horrible experience.
Anyways, okay, so...
Worse than being in San Diego itself, that town is a fucking bummer.
I'm not talking about downtown San Diego.
Around San Diego is quite lovely.
Can you even call it a downtown?
I don't know, man.
There's too many people there. It wasn't the Comic-Con's fault.
It wasn't the people's fault that were there.
You can't get a good bite to eat.
No, I've been there during non-comicon.
It's not, I mean, it's not...
You got your San Francisco's, you got your Portland's,
you got your New York's, your LA's, your Asheville, North Carolina's.
Hipster towns.
San Diego is not a hipster town.
I don't know. It's just a neutral setting of hostility there.
It's not because it's military bases.
The military people you meet in there are quite nice and friendly and polite and cool.
Yeah, but the equipment the military is using experimentally to enrage the populace.
You're familiar with harp?
I don't like it.
I got thrown out of a bar. I wasn't doing anything.
I sassafrassed the bouncer.
I was standing kind of in the doorway.
I was not standing in the door jam.
I was two and a half feet back and a foot over to the side.
So three people could have walked abreast like through that doorway and not bumped into me.
And a guy just came in.
I was the only guy in a suit and kind of a diving bar.
And this guy, and they make all the bouncers there wear shirts to say security on them.
And they all have ear monitors and it's a little much.
And they card you just like checkpoint Charlie.
Like, it's amazing.
Well, essentially they're there for Comic-Con because, you know, it's crowd control and stuff, and that's cool.
But there was a guy dressed as the crow at the bar who may dress like the crow every day.
And was certainly acting like a guy who dresses like, who's like, oh, I get to dress like the crow.
And who's like, brinking shit.
Like, nobody was sassafrassing him.
I was standing there in a suit.
I had some drinks, but I wasn't bothering anybody.
I was kind of just standing there.
And the guy lives like, bro, you can't stand there.
I'm like, and I look down and there's a little concrete square of kind of where the incline of the doorway comes in.
You know, where they had to kind of pave that little way up.
And I was like right on the edge of that.
And so I just kind of semi sarcastically tiptoed just out of it.
And he goes, keep moving, bro.
I'm like, you tell me, I'm going to keep tiptoeing and you tell me when to stop.
You're like, don't sass me, bro.
Don't sass me.
I'm like, look, not only would I never sass you, sir.
I have so much respect for you and what you're doing right now.
I just want to be the world's best customer at this bar.
And I want to know all the rules.
I want to know everything.
So I don't want to get this one wrong.
I go, is this okay?
And he's like, he just gave me the eyeball.
And then an hour later, I'm in the back, like leaning up against like a stack of beer boxes, texting my girlfriend, not doing anything.
Bro, you're wobbly.
You got to go.
Like he took him an hour to get ahead of steam or a couple of shots of drone attack.
He just got fucking like, he was separated from the pack.
And then the things kind of polite on my end kind of went out the window.
Yeah, I've seen you more sober, but I've seen you a lot drunker.
And everyone in that bar was also drunker.
Like, I mean, you weren't doing anything wrong.
He goes, you're wobbly.
And I go, I'm not wobbly.
You can't even talk right now.
You're slurring, bro.
I'm not.
Yeah, you see, you're slurring.
I go, you're a cunt.
And I go, do you read me, big buddy?
Am I coming in?
And then right when you walked over, what's going on?
Well, this guy's a cunt.
Oh, who's this guy?
This guy's a cunt, too.
I don't know.
There's two guys.
This guy's a coward because he did this.
We cocked his fist at me and he didn't do anything.
So cunt, coward, cunt.
Look, don't throw me out of your bar.
Yeah, the people that go into that line of work.
All right.
I mean, well, if you are a cool bouncer and I know there must be a lot of them because
there's a lot of cool places to drink.
They generally are.
They don't work in San Diego.
Yeah, yeah.
They're like, please thank you.
That's not true.
I'm in a very nice bouncer who had the full thing and he was quite helpful and nice,
but he just looks like, I don't know, San Diego.
Too many sideways or backwards baseball hats on white dudes with crocs or flip-flops on.
San Diego may officially get the Jeff Davis patented thumbs down and fart sound.
That means a lot to people.
It does.
What?
I'm not being sarcastic.
Thumbs down and fart sound?
Thumbs down from Jeff.
Like, you know, Jeff.
I rarely do it.
San Diego is a giant county and it's a big city.
There's whales that just got the thumbs down.
Like, you didn't even...
Don't get me started on Blackfish Man.
I just saw that yesterday.
You guys want to get it bummed out?
I wasn't.
It's a bummer.
You know about this movie?
No.
It's a documentary.
Is that like The Cove or something?
No, it's...
Well, kind of.
It's the concrete pool.
It's about SeaWorld's treatment of orcas and the cover-ups of the people that die training
them there.
Wait.
People die?
Yeah, they die.
And it's just an absolute, like, PR just thing.
Because there's one whale...
I don't want to spoil it for everybody, but there is one whale that ate a lady.
It was not much of a spoiler.
Yeah, and it's not because it's in the news and stuff like that.
But what I did not know is this whale's backstory is pretty fascinating.
And this whale has a backstory.
Apparently, it once walked on land and looked much like a pronosaurus.
All right, well, let's bring up the rest of our little rascals and get their two cents
on everything that's happened tonight.
Kumail Nanjiani.
We missed you.
Conan O'Brien's Kumail Nanjiani.
It's been a while.
You know what?
Can I say?
Kind of fuck San Diego.
Would you fuck it right in the teeth?
Would you fuck it with a side of beef?
Would you fuck it on a bagel?
I would fuck it till it queefed.
I like your meter.
Yeah.
A-B-C-B.
That was like a kind of a haiku.
I was that comic on.
I went to see it.
I didn't run into you.
It's like super packed, so I was with my wife and we were walking side by side, and it's
like just a ton of people around, and Emily looked at me and she's like, there's a guy
with his crotch on my butt right now, right behind me.
So I looked back to sort of see, because expecting like a huge crowd, it was just one guy.
It was me, Emily, and then just one guy, nobody else around, just like a butt backpack on,
like just attached to her.
Like the rules of society kind of don't apply, and comic on.
The weird thing that's starting to happen now is that, because I'm old.
I was there in the 90s when I was signed in comic books.
There was a Marvel Center.
There were video game consoles being sold there, but we nerds were allowed to sit on
the floor of hallways with our big bags of shit that we bought at our nerd mecca and
go through shit.
And then there was a tipping point that got crossed, I don't know, let's say six years
ago, I have no idea, whenever, I mean there was just a point where it was like, this movie
has nothing to do with comic books, but it's appearing here anywhere, but I realize community
is part of the problem.
I like returned to this like sun dance of things, but now you just get cattle prodded
if you're a nerd and you try to sit down anywhere.
They're like, keep it moving, keep it moving, and it's like, and yeah, I really hate the
booth babes thing, like that is so fucking gross to me, all those like, I feel horrible
for them too, because they're like, this is the, you know, three days of the year where
they definitely have work, but if you go day three, their eyes are so sad, but there's
also now it's like, it's almost like, it's the worst of all worlds because it was nerd
mecca, but now it's nerd sun dance, and now because it's nerd sun dance, it's a form of
sun dance, so now there's this douchey component coming in.
I saw, I was in a pizza parlor and there were two girls who were in costume and they didn't
know each other, but some guys wanted pictures with them, and then another guy, like with
a backwards baseball cap and some crocs and some flip flops and some flute flops, who's
sitting in the pizza parlor, he started yelling out, he's like, make out, make out!
And I was like, oh, well, whatever, San Diego meets Comic-Con, he had laminates on, he was
a fucking Comic-Con guy, he was just there to see, you know, fucking, Ben Affleck III
or whatever's premiering there, you know?
Are we already at Ben Affleck III?
You know what we are, because we had Ben Affleck I was like, mall rats and stuff, then Ben
Affleck II was Goodwill Hunting, and now Argo is Ben Affleck III.
This is Ben Affleck III.
Well, now he's, yeah, now he's directing and he's got a beard.
Okay, let's, I forgot to bring out the list of our little rascals, we got to get Darla
and Spanky out here, Erin McGathy, and Spencer, Spencer Crittenden, our Dungeon Master.
Aaron, anything, any, any, you have to stand back in the booth and listen to me talk for
an hour, would anything you want to feed that guy?
I'm from San Diego, and I, I couldn't agree more, I, I, it is like a douchey, like it's
a, Comic Con is very different than what the town's vibe is generally.
Yeah, I mean, like as a, as a high schooler there who felt like an outcast, being, being
really hot and, I mean, the problem is, is that it's so beautiful in San Diego that there's
no, there's no real like art or theater scene that's supported as much as it should be, because
everyone's like, let's just jet ski.
And it's a big retirement community, also it's so hot there that if you're a fat 15-year-old
and you're wearing sweatshirts, everyone notices, and you, you can't really fly, like, fly under
the radar, being unique is not valued in San Diego, but shout out to the two people I still
talk to there.
The guy, the Joe Carrara way, sweetie.
I mean, San Diego obviously has like, cool parts to it, but it like, there is, there's
a big value put on conformity and being able to wear a mid-drift.
Seafood.
And backwards, backwards.
There's a big jock culture there, and I think it is, it is due in part to the military
basis, which is fine, like, I come from a military family, and I'm not saying that the military
is bad or anything, but there is like, there's a big like macho thing there.
Well, the whole thing about-
Douchebaggery that I have noticed down there, my brother went to college there, so I was
down there a lot, and I used to go down there for lots of reasons and stuff.
You don't see fights in bars in Los Angeles, almost never.
I don't know what that's about.
Because they always wanted to protect their face, that's their life.
Even like, even in dodgy bars where people are already beat up, like, I think there's
a level of like, he might shoot me, or I'll be looking over my shoulder for the rest of
my life if I do that.
But in San Diego, people fight in bars, like, it's just a weird tension and a hostility
that I cannot get on board with.
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, can I say something?
This is changing the subject, is that when you woke up, I've heard, and it's easier
that when you wake up, different parts of your brain wakes up at different times.
And so, the part that is more aggressive wakes up before the part that sort of controls
that.
It sounds accurate.
Give me my phone, I'm a writer.
Yeah, so that was just brain chemistry, man, that's not on you.
I punched my mom after I came out of...
You punched your mom?
I was 12.
No, don't do that.
You haven't met her.
Jeff, look what time it is.
I have to be honest, I looked over a minute ago, it was 9.10.
I was...
However booed you punching your mom, I have to boo them.
Boo.
Yeah, I apologize afterwards.
I don't remember doing it.
Also, obviously, if you didn't tell people that you punched your mom, you're not like
going, hey, it's something you should cheer.
Yeah, I'm being revealing and you guys are...
It might have been an ironic boo, I think people are having fun with it.
Well, now I boo your...
It's a very vocal audience, we were commenting.
Yeah, well, I've engaged them, they can sense in me, they can sense what happened to me
at Comic-Con or they can sense what happened to me in Oblivion.
You know what, I know exactly what you feel.
It feels like when you get...
I was like 12 when I had surgery and I had like ear problems my whole life and I would
get these horrible ear ricks and it was like, when you're old enough to have surgery, when
you're old enough to have surgery and when I was 12, I was old enough and I was planned
for months and I was there waiting and the doctors came in and scrubbed and they were
like, hey, do you want to go to the circus?
And I was like, fuck you, I'm not an animal.
But I went in and they strapped me down and I fought and they put a mask on my face and
they were like, blow it, there'll be a balloon, one, I'm too old at this point to give a shit
about a balloon and I remember blowing as hard as I can and being like, there's no balloon,
I'm like screaming it.
But it feels like such a violation that they can put you out that hard.
When I woke up, I was like angry that they have the ability to do that to me.
Like I have favorite ice cream flavors and shit and you took it all away.
Well, I didn't, I should be clear, I didn't feel that way at all.
I was, I was so grateful for Western medicine and all that it, I, I, I, I, I, you love balloons.
I didn't want, they said you're going to start to feel drowsy and I was, I was so grateful.
I like, like three seconds and then blink and then I heard like a beep beep and it felt
like I could hear beeping for a while and then to wake up in a crib pushed by ladies
smiling and going, did I die and go to heaven?
I had a camera down my throat and I didn't know I was, I was very, no, I liked that I
was out, but I, I just was a little, like I had all my wisdom teeth out last year and
I was like, don't put me under one go.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
No, in a couple of goals, couple of different goals.
You opted to be awake.
Well, I hadn't gone to the dentist in like 15 years and I was at a burger place and it
said, get the Buffalo burger.
If the native, native Americans only ate buffalo and if they had proper dental care, they would
have lived to be 120 or something.
So I was like, uh, shit, I got a, you know, what restaurant was this?
It's called the fixed burger.
So I went to the dentist and I was like, Hey, it's just a regular checkup.
And she was like, emergency dental surgery right now.
Your mouth is a cave of nightmares.
I knew it was going to be back and she was like, give me symptoms.
And I said, if I ice cream on the left side of my mouth, my spine hurts.
You might be a redneck.
So I had months of surgery for that and I didn't want to go under because that time
when I was 12, it felt, to me, it felt like a violation, but that's very interesting to
me.
I mean, that's, there's a four, there's a fork on the road there.
The fact that you felt, I, my terror, my like, I want to be out because I don't want any
of it to be happening.
Yeah.
But you, but you're like, I didn't want to be there for it, but I didn't want to get
put under that.
While it's happening, I regretted it because they were playing 13 going on 30 and I was
like, this dental surgery is the second worst thing I'm going through right now.
Spencer, have you ever been knocked out?
I'm on stage two.
That's, that's not, that's not a complaint.
That's not a complaint.
That's just a clarification for our podcast listeners because they heard an applause.
Spencer has, for those of you that never been to or seen a picture of us, Spencer's
at the kids table over on the side.
Yeah.
No, I'm, that wasn't a complaint.
I promise.
I'm not, I'm fine.
You've been surgery'd before.
You've been surgery'd?
Yeah.
What was it?
Is that, is that how you conjugate that?
Why not?
Who cares?
You can barber.
Do you know what I said?
It's a sewing term.
It just, I mean, it made sense, right?
Yeah.
That's all that counts.
That's the beautiful thing about the English language.
What the fuck?
Spencer and Jeff have been fighting all day, just so you guys know.
Yeah, no.
I've had all my wisdom teeth out.
That was crazy.
I've had a, okay, everybody in the audience has to be honest.
Does anyone know what a pylonidyl cyst is?
You?
Is it in your butt?
Yeah, yeah.
It's not fun, but it's also not terrible, but I had one of those dealt with.
It's a cyst up your butt?
That's interesting because I would think most things to do with your butt would either
be great or terrible.
Yeah.
And this is like a-
I'd say it's the most, you know, ambivalent thing you could do with your butt.
You could take it or leave it.
Yeah.
Well, that's the weird thing about it because you could like, depending on, you know, the
intensity, sometimes it's better to not have it operated on and sometimes it's better to
have it operated on.
What is it?
It's a cyst up in your butt hole?
Okay.
It's like, it's like, it's like, you know, if you have an ingrown hair and it kind of
becomes infected and then if you squeeze it, the hair comes out and there's a tiny little
bit of pus.
It's like that in that it develops this kind of channel from your hair follicle that gets
infected.
In your butt?
Yeah.
The whole thing is in your butt.
The scent, well, not in your butt, it's in the butt crack.
Like-
Oh, so not the hole.
Yeah, no, above it.
It's in the-
It's in the runway.
Lower back.
It depends on, you know, which direction your approach is.
My confusion is that why would they bother to call it a special kind of cyst when it's
just-
Well, a cyst implies it's like, you know, in my mind, it's like kind of like a growth,
like a tumorous growth, but it's more like just like a little opening, like a little-
Is the, what was the word you said before, cysts?
Pylonitral.
No.
Go away.
Oh.
Spencer's dad has-
Hold on.
Let me explain this.
My dad also had to deal with this.
That's all he's going to contribute.
Spencer's dad has just-
We can stop there.
Spencer's dad just kind of-
Spencer's dad is re-working the stage?
See, he's had a couple.
There you go.
That was-
So much to talk about.
Thank you, Mr. Creighton.
My mom came over to my house today to drop off some T-shirts, but she stayed there.
Spencer.
I can't get her out of the chimney.
No, she left eventually.
Well, I'm-
I'm-
I'm ornery about my parents.
Well, they can be a drag at your age, you know.
You want-
Yeah.
You want some elbow room.
It's literally.
Yeah.
You saw me elbowing them.
Well, you moved out of your parents' home at 23, 24 years old?
Yeah.
And so what's the problem now?
Are they happy you're gone?
Sad you're gone?
I just don't, you know, communicate with them like most people communicate with their
parents.
So, you know, I'm like, let's just do it that way.
And that's how I do it.
And they're going through maybe a little bit of like-
Well, yeah.
Because I'm great.
Right.
You are great.
I guess without knowing that you probably brought some structure and order possibly to
the household, maybe.
Right.
I'd like to think so.
Yeah.
Hey, before we move, do you want to finish telling us about the-
Well, it just happened and, you know, you could get it cut out for a while.
Does the word that you said before the word sist, does that word mean in the butt crack?
No, it's really gross.
It means nest of hair.
It doesn't-
So, it has-
It's not an accurate depiction.
The fact that it was in your butt crack has nothing to- that's just incidental, right?
No, it was because-
You could get one of these on your chest.
You could get one on your arm.
Oh, no, I do call my asshole a nest of hair.
A pilonitis.
The word nest implies that there's creatures dwelling.
That's why it's gross.
But I know what it means, so I'm not just going to be like, I don't know what it means.
Have you guys seen the new CW show, Nest of Hair?
It's about San Diego.
But I'm still- I mean, I want to know, does that word mean in the butt crack, or does
it-
No, it means nest of hair.
So, is it something that only happens in the butt crack?
Yeah, because that's where there's friction, and when you're sitting, that's where sometimes
sweat collects, and if you're in a car or a vehicle, there's agitation when you're bouncing
in the car, and that's why a lot of GIs get it, and it's known as Jeep Butt.
Jeep Butt.
Yeah.
That's cute.
Sometimes you'll see a family of finches fly out of your pants.
Yeah.
I wonder how it's a Jeep Butt.
Could you have one of those, and then it goes away, and then it comes back, or something
like that?
Yeah, it's like a pimple.
In that, like, you know, it just- it'll get bigger, and then it'll pop, and then it'll
go away, or sometimes in rare cases it could get infected, like a pimple.
You know, like an opening in the skin.
And this is something you had to get surgered.
It will- they recommended it, and we did it, but you don't need to.
Like, it kind of depends.
It's a case by case basis, but essentially what they do is way worse, because it's like
this tiny hole in your skin on your butt, and what they do is they cut out like a wedge
of it.
It's like, you know, when you transplant a plant, where you just take a huge scoop of
earth out from around it.
So you have a slightly bigger butt than you used to?
No, because they seal it back together, and they literally use, like, glue, like this
crazy adhesive glue stuff, and they glue it back together.
All this feels like you just went to a weird frat party.
I mean, arguably.
Isn't doctoring fraternity?
Is that your mom?
I'm sure.
A gal from the audience, it is a woman.
Somebody's boasting that her nest of hair jeep butt pimple was worse than yours.
I don't doubt that.
So they scoop out a hole, and then they, yeah, like glue it back together.
Dan, are you so interested in this because you want to be knocked out again?
Are you looking for it?
You're wondering if you have a nest of hair.
Yeah, I am a nest of hair.
Okay, all right, well, so you've been knocked out while I did that.
Did you find it to be a profound experience?
No.
It's a lot like, I don't dream very often, I mean, everyone's going to be like, everybody
dreams.
I don't really, you know, dream, but I don't dream that much at all.
Yeah, like, it's not like it never happens, but you know, you guys are living your dreams
when you're awake.
Oh, Dan.
No, I'm not even trying to be weird.
Well, you succeeded, great.
I don't know.
That's probably why.
What?
That doesn't make it whatever.
The thing is, I get what you're saying.
I think when you're dreaming, your brain's like getting off excess energy, and I feel
like if you're already using that when you're awake, maybe there's not as much to give off
when you're asleep.
Well, I like that.
I like that a lot more than I thought it meant, what it meant initially.
Your brain is dead.
Yeah.
Well, just when you're asleep.
Because it's so awake when you're awake.
That's what he's saying.
Yeah.
I dreamt that was Batman a couple of nights ago.
Now, if we know your history of psychic stuff, does that mean that's going to happen?
Wait, but there was a crime that was committed.
Uh-oh.
Fucking tennis, dude.
You're just having an espresso at an Italian cafe.
We don't need you to sleep on another 9-11 here.
I was Batman, and I was wrongly convicted of like a accuse of a crime that I didn't commit
like by a super villain maybe, and this is definitely, I had watched Robocop the night
before, so I think this is a Robocop dream, but then I had to hide and dress like a regular
person and go through an airport, and I got held by security at an airport, so let's
help the airport.
This is days ago, so we're all in the clear.
Okay.
Couple days ago.
Can I plug something?
Yeah.
Is it Spencer's nest of hair?
Is that like a butt plug sort of play on words thing?
Yeah.
I've had a few.
Do people plug?
That's okay, right?
Yeah.
Go ahead and plug.
I had a special come out on Comedy Central.
You should.
It's called Beta Mail.
Go to CC.
If you go to CCdirect.ComedyCentral.com, it's $5, that's the cheapest way to get it.
Or you could torrent it.
I don't care.
I don't really get that money.
So people in back love torrenting.
That makes sense.
The people who got here later, they know the ropes.
And you know, so this was a big deal for me when I was airing and I told my parents to
watch it.
And the next day I got a text from my parents.
This is sort of shows what my relationship with them is like, it just said, saw your
program.
I think we may be brother and sister.
Yeah.
Is it like that?
Did you go back to the punch that happened when you were 12?
Well, yeah, maybe.
So you woke up, you socked your mom, and was there a melee?
Did she fire back?
Was there a scuffle?
I think she's still firing back.
Did you follow up?
Did you text back?
No, I didn't talk to them.
Would I get an uppercut?
No.
The app is not your program.
Yeah, that was her punching back.
I didn't talk to them for a week, and then I talked to them today, and it wasn't brought
out.
But as a comedian, doing Letterman is the biggest thing you can do.
And I was like, all right, I finally do something that they know what Letterman is.
I do other shit.
They don't know very much about pop culture, but they know Letterman.
So I did Letterman.
I talked to them on the phone, and they were like, hey, we saw you on Letterman.
And then just told some story about my aunt.
I was like, I don't know what's happening.
What could you say to them that would make them very proud, in a sentence?
I'm Muslim.
All right, Spencer, do you want to dispense the character sheets and get this D&D session
underway?
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
Also, while he does that, it's probably a good time to plug the fact that we're finally
getting that stuff underway.
We're recording.
It's called Harmon Quest right now, as we're recording this D&D thing that we've been
alluding to forever.
Spencer's Dungeon Mastering, we're playing D&D and recording the audio in front of a
live audience, just as we do here, only we're doing it on a little bit of a budget with
some of our favorite comedic cameo people at the Silent Movie Theater in combination
with screenings of crazy fantasy-themed movies.
And then we're going to take the audio from the role-playing sessions, give it to my studio
Star Burns, and they're going to stop motion animate the combat and stuff.
It's going to be an awesome movie.
So if you want to be part of that, check online.
It's called Harmon Quest.
It's at CineFamily.
It's being done in conjunction with CineFamily.
That's why we're doing the fantasy-themed movies and stuff.
When's the first one coming up?
That's this coming Saturday.
Is it really?
Is there money?
Does it cost money to get in?
How much does it cost to get in?
$80.
$14.
That's a bargain.
But if you're Anatoly, you make $38.
Yeah, you know, I was thinking about that, I put on like 60 episodes.
No, but yeah, www.CineFamily.org, that's www.CineFamily.org.
I think the first one might be Excalibur.
Yeah.
Oh, the first film?
The first film is Excalibur, and the first guest is?
Adam Sandler.
It's going to be there.
No shit.
Now you have to get Adam Sandler.
The first guests, the first night's guests are Blake Anderson from Workaholics and Kumail
Nagyane.
Kumail Nagyane.
From Conan O'Brien.
All right.
We plug that.
Spencer, shall we get underway here?
Sure.
Dan, if you pass the sheets down, I will give Spencer his theme music and we can get this
rolling.
Last time our heroes were on the road to Farnheim to end their fight with Admiral Darkstar.
As they traveled north, they went up into the mountains towards Farnheim, the frozen
city.
Yerch had suggested they stop there to ask for an army or maybe horses or some form of
other style aid from the city, and after many days there they trekked high up mountains
and up onto a specific mountain range in particular.
But there they encountered a deadly blizzard, but through the driving snow and ice they
could see the white walls of the frozen fortress.
There was a bridge, quark suspicious, but Sharpie pushed on.
They started to cross the bridge.
They did not finish crossing the bridge.
From afar the city fired cannons and skeletons landed in the ice.
Sharpie tried to reason, but quark leapt into action, tackling one of them, and the gang
was fighting.
The skeletons attacked with wicked blows, Morene understood the beast's rage, and looked
into its dead eyes in empathy.
Sharpie grasped one of the skeletons with a shocking grasp, surging electrical energy
through its brittle bones, causing it to cause fire and fall on the floor.
Two skeletons remained.
What would they do?
Combat is happening.
Now.
Alright, two skeletons left.
Alright.
Easy.
Yeah, we're on an icy bridge.
Who's up first Spencer?
Quark, you were wrestling with one of them, you're currently wrestling him and you're
trying to throw him off the bridge.
Okay, I just try to grapple him and just throw him off the side.
Yeah.
Alright.
That happens.
Nice.
Grappling with the skeleton, you get the upper hand.
Did you just drop your, that's awesome.
Sorry.
You get the upper hand, you drop to the floor and then throw him over your shoulder and
he goes sailing off the white edge of the icy bridge, he's the abyss.
I yelled, second!
Some skeleton remains.
Whose turn is it?
That'd be yours.
Okay.
How close are we to the skeletons?
You're about 25 feet off, it's kind of engaged with mole rain right now and sharpie, but
you're a bit off.
I'm a bit off?
Yeah.
Alright, well.
He was always there.
Okay.
Everybody shut up.
I do, I mean, I take my poison dagger, will that work?
Take that poison dagger through my heart.
Oh, the poison won't, but the dagger won't.
Huh?
Poison doesn't work on undead.
Uh, while the dagger does.
Yeah, that's what I was saying.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Cool.
So I sneak attack the guy and just go to town.
Going to town on the guy with a sneak attack.
You strike directly between his shoulder blades, dealing 15 damage.
I give Chris de Burgh a little, uh, chit, did you call it, like, uh, from AA.
That's one, one day of not tying a rope around your dagger when you throw it.
You know what?
I thought about it a lot.
I could see, but you spend the toughest day of my life.
Did you call it a chit?
I know.
Yeah, you get that little chit with a chip chip chip chip chip is a thing too.
Is it?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Google it.
Yeah.
It's in your butt.
I believe you guys.
Is it, uh, is it almost dead?
Uh, you don't know it is undead.
It's a lot, but it's, what is it doing right now?
It's, it is, uh, you know, it's being stabbed.
There's a knife in it.
Okay.
It's not like responding.
How is it reacting?
It's not like, it's not like a person that feels pain.
It's more like a skeleton.
No, not like a.
I'm.
It's all right.
That's, you know, the skeletons are me.
We went over this.
That's a throwback.
Who's, who's next?
That's Mulrainee's turn.
All right.
Uh, so I have no idea how the skeletons reacting.
So I'm going to just, uh, grapple, I'm going to, I'm going to grapple with the skeleton.
I'm going to make eye contact with him and I'll say, thank you for your sacrifice.
And I try to throw him off the bridge.
Okay.
Don't look at me, Dan.
I just want to know like what, how, how, what, you wanted to know how the skeleton
was reacting before you did that?
Like what would you have done?
Well, I mean, if Camille did that and he was like, all right guys, come on, let's cool
it.
Oh, okay.
You just wanted to make sure the monster wasn't.
Okay.
All right.
That's a monster.
Or if he, or if he was on the ground or if he was flying, I mean, I, Spencer's much smarter
and better than I am.
No, that makes sense now that you explained it, but yeah.
Yeah.
Can I, I also do a pink mass on it to make it gay in the after.
Does it, do they have to be dead for that?
No, I mean the, for the pink mass, I think you could do it in terms of Satanist ritualism.
I think you could do it to someone who's alive, right?
Well, I mean, couldn't they just be like, I'm going to be gay.
Yeah.
And then they wouldn't need this whole satanic ritual.
Who are the Satanists?
What are you talking about?
The pink mass.
What is a pink mass?
No, that's it.
They were doing like a sort of protest on the grave of this lady making her gay in the
afterlife.
Anyway.
It happened in the show earlier on.
That doesn't happen in Dungeons and Dragons.
It fails.
So you're still, you're still straight.
Yeah, still straight.
Fuck.
What, what happened with my grappling?
Yeah.
Okay.
So you managed to wrestle it and you're trying to, trying to flip it over, you know, off the
edge.
But you just, you guys go down to the floor and you're just kind of grappling with each
other, wrestling style.
So I didn't.
It didn't, she didn't have enough force to send it over the edge.
Okay.
But you know, it's down, it sits there.
But it's on me.
You're on it also.
Definitely still straight.
It's a mutual kerfuffle.
Does he have a boner?
No.
Yeah, I know.
That was my joke that he was a skeleton.
Yeah.
Someone in the audience says he's a skeleton.
I'm sorry, I apologize.
So I'm on him.
It's not working though.
Yeah.
He doesn't have a boner.
Okay.
Just to clarify.
Putting it in a sharpie.
Quirk actually does have a boner.
He gets a boner, a bad boner sometimes.
Just to clarify.
I've got a battle boner.
Just like an anger boner.
It's just the only one I'm in, only one I'm in battle.
Or when you want to fuck a horse or whatever.
Oh yeah.
Saddle battle.
Putting it.
Saddle boner.
All right.
I can't use shrink item on a skeleton that's only an item, right?
That's correct.
Do I have any shocking grasps left?
Yeah.
On your trek you gain back all your spells and you've only used one of them.
All right.
But isn't that also, if he's grappling with her, isn't that going to shock both of them?
Who knows?
You've got to do it.
Let's see what happens.
It's magic.
All right.
I initiate my shocking grasp and then I say something involving bones.
Some kind of pun.
A pun?
Bone.
You're a bone.
Bone out.
Bone to know you.
Bone viash.
Adam Goldberg.
Take a bow.
Stand up.
Adam Goldberg.
Bone viash.
That's fantastic.
It could have been her all night and not top bone viash.
No, that you would not be.
I was like, hey, mandible shit.
Yeah.
Danzel is bone to know you.
This has never been my wheelhouse puns, but bone viash.
Yeah.
I do it with an Austrian accent, bone viash and grasping him with a shocking energy.
Electricity crackles through his bony body and you hear a sizzling from deep within
his chest and then he catches fire and falls to the floor inert.
Bricks like he, Skeleton fell apart.
You can't improvise a pun.
Can you?
He fell like a Skeleton.
You can't.
Bricks.
I win.
I count it.
I get 500 experience points.
He gave himself.
I'm having my own podcast over here.
It's high time.
Well, we did it.
So we did it.
I forge on towards the far side of the bridge.
You forge on towards the far side of the bridge.
You see the gates of Fornheim standing tall and imperious.
They slowly grind open and you can hear a voice from within echo out like a trumpet.
Welcome to Fornheim.
The fortress of the mighty.
The land of the strong.
I call back.
Weirdest welcome ever.
There's no response.
Huge waste of energy and manpower.
That would be funny if every time you drove into Indiana, you'd hear, welcome to Indiana.
The sunshine.
This is it.
But also like if there was a locked gate that only opened after you fought for Skeletons.
I mean, just lock the gate harder.
Make signals here again.
Make it clearer that we're not welcome.
Metagaming?
I mean, no, mate.
All right, well, we go in.
We go in.
Good call.
Yeah, you enter the walls of Fornheim and you see stuff.
I look around to see whether.
Yeah, sorry.
I'll go.
As you enter the massive gates, you're met with an awesome sight.
The massive city within the massive walls is full of massively oversized buildings.
With paths as wide as ponds and houses as big as castles as well as towering giants.
These blue-skinned beings with coarse pale blonde and icy hair stand about 15 to 20 feet tall.
Clanking around in heavy metal armor, talking, conducting in business and are shooting the breeze.
Literally.
In sharp contrast to the massive blue figures and icy white trails, or in icy white walls,
you can make out specks dot around the city.
Black blobs that you recognize as more of those Skeletons you fought earlier.
They're marching and patrolling the streets as well as manning the gates and guarding the walls.
I thought this was like a dwarf town.
I got confused.
Yeah, maybe we should have done a little more reconnaissance before we came into this place.
That's something you can do.
Maybe we should get on top of each other's shoulders.
And put on a giant trench coat?
Yeah.
And hold our breath through a blue in the face?
So why are we in this town? I'm sorry.
Because the guy went, welcome. And we said, let's go. And now we're in here.
No, no, no. But like, before that.
Yeah, before that.
Oh, we're looking for Admiral Darkstar.
Okay.
Yeah, he's to the north and this is on your way to the north.
He's a bad guy.
Well, we were talking about raising an army here.
Right.
That should be no sweat.
We just killed a couple of their homies out front, didn't we?
But it seems like that's how you open the door.
Yeah, maybe, yeah.
Who's the biggest and baddest here?
Like, let's walk in there and talk a big game and say, look, we're not here to fuck around.
We're here to get an army together and go kill Admiral Darkstar.
I can use my, I mean, in a different way, I could use my diplomacy.
Try to talk to them.
Okay.
But who do we talk to?
Can we walk?
Yeah, I look for the sweetest faced giant.
Okay.
Well, some guy who's clearly like nicer than the other, that's like giving water to the
smaller giants.
I'm just laughing.
Someone drops a hat.
He gives them their hat.
Scanning the city, you see what you make out to be the most jovial of the giants.
But not in anyone else's expense.
He's not laughing because he's picking on them.
Right, right, right.
Okay.
Just making sure.
I mean, that's fine.
You see him.
He looks jovial.
Okay.
Do you guys mind if I approach?
Knock yourself out?
Yeah.
We'll be back here.
Okay.
No, I go with her because we still have our little buddy pack.
Yes, thank you.
I go with her because I wouldn't miss this for the world.
I put on a shirt that says Team Giant on it and I walked there.
Aaron talking to a non-player character is like every time the smoking man showed up
in X-Files.
I am riveted.
Yeah, so you and Quark are kind of walking up?
Well, we'll all go.
Okay.
You're all walking up.
Hello, sir.
He's like, you're closer to heaven.
How does the joke land?
The giant looks as if perhaps he was bit by a mosquito, sort of like a...
And this is the happiest guy.
Yeah, yeah.
And then he kind of looks around and then he looks down at you and then he points at
you and he's like...
It landed, it landed.
Yeah, I think it landed.
You got a chuckle.
Hey, good one.
Boy, since I was a young girl, I have dreamt of being in a town like this.
What is it like to be the most fantastic looking...
Okay, guys, what do I do?
No, no, you're doing great.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Finish the fantastic looking thing.
You got it right where you want them.
Or what is it like to be the most fantastic looking and...
You emanate this joy.
And me and my friends were very nice, peaceful people.
And we just wanted to know what was happening here.
And I've been talking for too long and this is what I do.
And I drop my papers like in a romantic comedy.
And I hope that he's going to pick them up.
Because I'm like, I'm Meg Ryan and I'm just so flustered.
Oh, I'm such a clumsy bitch.
What do I do?
Does he help her with the papers?
No, his hands are probably too big to pick them up.
But he doesn't help with the papers.
Sir Giant, we are travelers from the south heading north.
And whoa, but did we stop here?
Mr. Happy?
I'm Robin Williams.
We are in pursuit of a threat that threatens all of...
What's this planet called?
Earth.
I'm kind of standing behind all of them
and just instinctively grabbed the handle of my sword.
I should tell them that I'm like a very well-known singer-songwriter.
I move my hands like I'm about to take off my tiny little clothes.
We request an audience with your leader, if you have one,
or the commission that leads you.
But you're probably the leader, right?
I mean, he looks like the leader.
Either that or a model.
He kind of just looks at you guys all saying and doing these things
and describing, saying and doing.
Can he not hear us?
No, he is. He's exactly hearing you right now,
and I'm describing that.
And he is hearing.
He's like, yeah, but he's listening,
and he's looking at you guys, do stuff.
And then he's like, so, you're looking for the yarrow.
Yeah, that's it.
We're looking for the yarrow.
That's it.
I don't even know why we forgot the word for it.
That's exactly right.
We should have said that when we first showed up.
Well, it ain't just anyone that can see the yarrow.
Okay, yeah, who can see the yarrow?
Only the strong.
Did you hear that thing that was said when you entered the city?
No, we were busy mocking it.
We are strong.
We slayed a couple of...
Tell him that!
Dire wolves.
Good save, bro.
Yeah, yes, I've plucked many a dire wolf from my garden.
I don't think he knows what the word means.
He grows wolves.
This guy rocks!
Can we just hang out with him for a while?
Well, if there was a way that we could prove our strengths,
other than getting in your...
Not to put too fine a point on it,
then a hospitable threshold.
Tough, tough ice city.
We would love to prove our strengths
and or just have our strengths taken as a flier
and get an audience with a four mention yarrow.
Also, if you Giants enjoy a show by tiny people,
maybe the four of us could put on a small show.
It's true.
We are singer-songwriters.
I've recently gotten into doing some sketch comedy stuff.
I've heard enough of this as the barbarian.
I'm as tough as any man here.
Giants or no.
Then prove it.
Oh, show me the way.
Punch me, punch me.
Okay, I go up to a quirk and I go,
hey, insolent person, and I'm winking at him.
We're gonna do like a Star Trek movie.
I got you.
Hey, shut your mouth, you little fucker.
I'm one of the 12 different planets.
Yeah, well, you're not so tough.
You're not so tough.
And I get in there and I say,
no, lay off him.
I drop my papers again.
Stop that.
I can't help it.
I take Sharpie and I give him a little wink.
I return the wink and I pick him up over my head
and start spinning him around.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
This guy's a real tough customer.
And then I take him and I find the biggest,
the biggest busiest ice road
and I throw him down like I got a roadhouse bar top.
I just slide him down.
But I'm so much bigger than you.
Bunk.
In the chaos, I go off in the corner
and I tie a rope to a knife.
Be prepared.
Always be prepared.
Okay.
Yeah, you attempt this display of mock violence
and it's really pitiful.
Like it's not working.
It's not working.
And then he throws you and you go skidding down this ice road
and then he's like, that's pretty tough.
I got it.
Wait, when I throw Sharpie?
Yeah.
Oh, he likes that.
As pitiful as it was, it seemed to have impressed him.
So now we go to see the arm?
He's like, yeah, you know, I mean,
if you guys are really that tough,
but you might have to pull that shit again
in front of some other giants.
Oh, I got bit.
I think we just accidentally blew the roadie.
Classic.
Classic mistake.
Real amateur move.
Pink Floyd's in the green room.
Lead the way, sir.
He's like, I don't lead.
Follow the silent servants.
He kind of points at a line of skeletons
that are kind of patrolling through the city.
Lead by one of these skeletons is just a blaze on fire.
He's just lit on fire.
I say, thank you, sir.
You are truly the most joyous creature
that we have encountered in a long time.
So does a skeleton on fire?
Yeah, it's kind of walking around through the city,
melt nice and snow, and there's a column of steam
kind of rising off of it.
Cool.
And you're just walking in a line.
All right, well, we should follow that.
Yep.
Okay.
Do you still have your Giants T-shirt on?
Yeah, I have Team Giants,
and I've added Blazing Skeleton also.
And on the back, it says,
my favorite movie is Ghost Rider.
I started whistling the theme
from Bridge over the River Kwai.
Wait, you were singing when you whistled?
Well, I don't know how to whistle.
I can't whistle either.
High five?
Yeah.
So few people don't know how to whistle.
Anyone can whistle.
No.
But that's a different story.
So we're following these silent leaders.
Silent, whatever.
Yeah, yeah, the silent servants.
They're just kind of...
You really can't control this group.
I can't really whistle.
Whistling.
That was a great try, Dan.
Hey, it's us or hang out with your dad.
You pick.
Hey, man.
I walk up to one of the silent servants
and say, excuse me, gentlemen,
we're looking for Jarl.
You be so kind.
You saw what I did to my friend over here.
I threw him a good 50 meters down the ice road.
See.
Make it snappy and show us the way.
No, no, no.
Don't be aggressive.
They respond to might here.
It's head kind of turns towards you
and its eyes kind of like glow with a blue flame
and you can hear a voice out of its chest.
It's tinny and mechanical sounding.
It says, don't bother the silent servants.
I was just told to come over to you.
Well, they're walking.
We just follow.
We follow.
Okay, we're following.
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry.
That's happened.
I was just trying to be tough.
I want to get one of those chess plate things for me
so that when I fart...
It wasn't this person.
Some people think you're chest farted.
It's like blaming it on the dog.
You know, you fart and then...
Oh, so it was me.
The chest plate.
I thought when you fart, it just emits a louder mechanical fart
to hide.
I didn't think it through.
I just...
The dots I was connecting were in this order.
Silent but deadly.
Silent.
Silent servants.
I kind of...
And then from there I was off-roading.
I was relying on the statistical chance of me being funny when I talked.
And I blew it, as I do seven out of ten times.
No.
So we're following.
There's a lot of math to it.
Oh, yeah.
It's impressive.
Dan, have you been blaming it on the dog?
We have a dog.
And it farts a lot.
Yeah.
And I have ramped up my farting.
It's true.
You have.
When Dan was getting his endoscopy, there was a page in the big stack of papers that
he had assigned that said...
When the camera goes down, it pushes a lot of air through you.
So you make sure you release the air.
Oh, pre-fart.
Yeah.
It was giving you permission to fart, like thing.
This isn't either the time or the place.
All right.
So we're following the silent servant.
Yeah, yeah.
And they take you around through the city, and you're kind of going by these little snowed
in little, like, huts that are weird because, you know, this is a giant city, and these
huts wouldn't fit them.
Anyway.
But the skeletons are normal size, right?
That's true.
Do they have doors?
They...
You can't tell because they're just covered in snow past the door, like, up to their little
roofs.
Come on.
I...
I stop at one.
Come on.
Okay.
I mean...
I brush some snow away.
I'm looking for a little door.
It has a little door.
I'm going to knock on the door with my Gandalf staff.
There's no response.
I'll be back later.
Continuing on.
You go...
And you got balls, man.
You know, that was a great, like...
What is it called?
Ding and ditch?
What's it called?
Yeah, ding-dong ditch.
Yeah.
Ding and ditch.
We didn't do that in Pakistan.
There's no dong.
No.
It's a ding and ditch.
Ding!
Run away.
You have to be in an actual ditch.
Do doorbells sound different in Pakistan?
Uh...
I...
We...
I don't know.
No?
The same?
Okay.
Yeah.
I was just wondering.
Yeah, they're not like...
Because they're animals.
They're not like...
No.
I mean sirens...
Sirens sound...
Sirens sound different in every country.
They just say death to America when I...
Death to America?
I guess they're not home.
Oh, somebody's here.
Alright, so we're following?
Yeah, yeah.
You go up a massive icy staircase and into a large kind of castle within the city made
out of ice.
It's all ice.
You arrive in a massive room with a ceiling hundreds of feet tall.
Uh...
Hi.
Whatever.
Massive gold statues line the room and standing in the center of the statues is a massive
blue giant, easily 30 feet tall.
He wears a great magenta breastplate and wears a huge brown fur cloak off some oversized
beast.
His booming voice echoes through the icy chamber.
I am Lim Dahl, the Jarl of Fordheim.
Bow to my might!
Uh, pretending to have met him previously, I scream out, so nice to see you again!
Bow to his fucking might!
Yeah.
Maybe he'll think that we know each other.
I bow to his might for sure.
I say this as I am bowing to his might.
Okay.
I definitely blew the roadie.
I bow to his might.
Okay.
I reluctantly bow.
I can...
Thank you.
Might bow to...
And for that, I thank you.
Gratitude received.
What brings you to Fordheim?
The frozen city.
It's like an OCD thing, but he has to say the entire thing.
It's on their license plate frame, I don't know.
We're looking for some Yalmars.
Yalars.
Wait, what?
Yakars.
Yalars?
Jarl!
He's the Jarl!
Jarl is the king.
Jarl means king.
Jarl is king.
As I'm following to my knees, I say, I'll never fall in love.
My career is too important.
She keeps dropping papers.
What's on these...
I pick up the papers and what the fuck is on these things?
I read your papers.
He says, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Over and over.
And we're terrified.
I didn't really realize he was a Yaller.
Oh, Jarl of Farnheim!
Frozen city!
Yaller?
Jarl!
I know, I'm sorry.
Gateway to the mountains.
A great city by a great lake.
The blue diamond of the north.
Old Snowy.
It is our grand pleasure.
A pleasure exceeded in size only by your stature and might.
That we arrive here in your slippery, sticky halls.
In a good way, in a good way.
I am overcome by your power and I fall down.
I drop one paper.
One would no more dare to offend thee than one would dare to stick one's tongue on a common surface.
Have you seen Christmas story?
I take out my sword and...
No, bro!
And I...
Pardon me, but can I cleave my way through all the bullshit?
Whoa!
Oh boy.
Fonzie's in town.
And I put my sword back away with a whoop.
He puts it away.
Oh yeah, I took it out.
I'm not going to walk around with it out.
You just took it out.
I took it out too.
You're just trying to cut the recta.
I was making a point.
He regards your social maneuver.
Great.
Listen, Limdol, was it?
Limdol.
My name is Quark Pfft.
Well met.
My friends and I are, after a certain Admiral Darkstar, are you familiar with this gentleman?
Oh, I'm familiar with this gentleman.
Which you take?
I'm not a fond of him.
Yeah, yeah.
But we're saying that he's the worst.
You saw the air quotes around gentlemen, right?
Yeah.
Right, right.
Well, we have one mission and one mission alone, and it's to take him down.
We could certainly use a little assistance, because as you see, we're just four tiny little fuckers.
You could use some assistance.
I just said that.
But you have something I could use.
Oh, okay.
Great.
This is going to be great.
What's the expression on his face right now, Spencer?
It's holding all the cards.
It's an expression.
Fair enough.
What is it you want from us?
Oh, just a few of your fragments of power.
Oh, boy.
Can we have a sidebar?
Gentlemen, do you think he's talking about my business papers?
I think we should definitely try.
Okay.
There was no business.
One page was just a bunch of drawings of Dixon balls.
Look, I'm going to be a magazine editor, executive business merger lady some day, and I've got to take all my ladies.
Okay, stopping.
Do you have shards of power, right?
Are those like the amulet of autumn and stuff?
No, these are stuff that you've collected.
Guys, the shards of power, if Admiral Darkstar wants all of those, what if this guy is just lying to us and works for him?
He's going to hand them all over to him.
Should we ask him if there's something else that he would want instead?
What do we get in return for these shards?
Like, exactly.
I will give you some of my finest horses, as well as a regiment of six frost giant warriors to aid you.
For how many shards?
For how many horses?
I want all of them.
You want all of their shards?
All right, sorry, I've had a tough day.
Sir, is there something else that you would take instead of shards?
Most of the shards.
I have goggles of night, do you want that?
You take that instead of the shards?
Can somebody who's got more wisdom than me sense motive on this guy?
You fail to sense his motive.
I ask somebody else to do it.
Somebody else also fails.
All right, I think we got to get my own dice.
We got to put a bookmark here, because we're in the hall of the Frost Giant.
Jarl Cliffhanger.
All right, thank you, Kumail Nanjiani.
Thank you, Erin McGathy.
Thank you, Spencer, for your dungeon mastery.
Please, on Saturday, come to the Silent Movie Theater.
Google it.
Harmon Quest is called in cooperation with Cine Family.
Come to the thing.
All right, it's showtime.
You want to say a nice little lesson learned?
What have we learned?
Gay people should be allowed to be gay.
If you fuck around with that, Satanists will turn your dead grandma's gay.
Some Black Panthers are Irish.
Black Panthers should not be exiled to Tanzania, because that guy could have been doing a lot of good here.
Instead, he's got an orphanage over there.
It's possible to have a thing called Jeep Butt.
All together, a wonderful...
Oh, and San Diego can go fuck itself.
Yeah, I guess.
Downtown mostly.
But mostly what I think I've learned is that we love you as always.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown.
Have a good night.
We'll see you.
Run music!
Keep clapping!
There we are.
Oh, my God.
Thank you so much.
Anna Tolle and Auntie Adam Goldberg for Bone Viage.
That's what we should have said.
We should have just ended with Bone Viage.
Bone Viage.
Bone Viage, one and all.
Run music!